# LooksGreat Web

## Getting Started

### Requirements

* Node.js v4.4.0 or greater

### Install dependencies

`npm install`

### Site Structure
##### Page: Looks
* Url: `/`
* Notes
  * For logged in users: Index of most recent looks from people you follow - search & filter by colour
  * For logged out: social signup page & about looksgreat

##### Page: Look
* Url: `/:user_handle/:id/`
* Notes
  * All look info + related shop products

##### Page: Curate
* Url: `/curate/`
* Notes
  * List, filter by source, delete and add (import from url & pick colour) your saved inspiration & ability to add new stuff

##### Page: Shop
* Url: `/shop/`
* Notes
  * List of shop products - default shows men and women products. Filter by price, brand and keyword. Basket as an overlay. Images can be fed into the curate section.

```
/shop/:gender(men|women)/
/shop/:gender(men|women)/:category(high-street|luxury-brands|pre-loved|our-community)/
/shop/:gender(men|women)/:category(high-street|luxury-brands|pre-loved|our-community)/:product_id/
```

##### Page: Feeds
* Url: `/feeds/`
* Notes
  * Collection of news aggregated from pre-defined RSS feeds. Clicking item links to external source post. Images can be fed into the curate section. Can be searched and filtered by source

```
/feeds/:source(e.g. stylebubble.co.uk)/
```

##### Page: Profile page
* Url: `/:user_handle/`
* Notes
  * Lists all the looks generated by that person + ability to follow and view profile picture.
  * If it’s the page for the logged in user, there is an edit button and form to edit account details.

##### Page: Static Pages
* About
* Contact
* T&Cs
* Privacy policy

### Tests

Automated browser tests are in use for the LooksGreat website.

#### Run tests

`npm test`

#### Writing tests

* Feature
* Scenario
* Step definitions

#### Reference

* https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js
* https://github.com/segmentio/nightmare
* https://github.com/cheeriojs/cheerio
